Hey Guys, welcome back to our
movie recap channel. Today,
we will be reviewing a french movie from
1992, called “The Lover”. In this movie,
we will see how a 15 year old girl falls in
love with a 32 year old chinese businessman.
Due to the controversial plot of this
movie, and the many adult scenes it has,
the movie was banned in many countries.
Please turn on subtitles, and spoilers ahead.
At the start of the movie, we see a ferry
preparing to leave for its destination.
The ferry is packed with the locals, and among
them is Jane, the main character of the movie.
She is a 15 year old french school girl from
a remote village in Vietnam. Her mother is
a school teacher in that village. And she has
two brothers. Her elder brother Pierre is the
bully of the house. He acts like the head of the
house and he has his younger brother in control.
Paul is just the opposite of Pierre. He easily
gets intimidated by Pierre and is scared of him.
Jane lives in a school hostel in Saigon, and
was there to spend the holidays with her family.
But, due to Pierre, Jane isn’t exactly
happy. She doesn’t like him bullying Paul,
and screams at him. Jane’s mother seeing the
rude behavior of Pierre says nothing to him.
Jane says that she only loves Pierre
and doesn’t care about her and Paul.
Her mother says she loves all of them
equally, but Jane knows that she is lying.
Despite running the school in the village,
Jane’s family are financially struggling.
And Pierre being the eldest
male of the house, does nothing.
Instead, he steals money from
his mother to smoke opium.
Today was the last day of her vacation,
and Jane is returning back to Saigon.
Her mother hands her some money and bids her
fare well. She gets to the ferry, and is waiting
for it to leave. A vehicle of a rich man also
boards the ferry, and then the ferry starts.
The owner of the car starts looking at
Jane from his car. He finds her beautiful.
So, he steps out to get a clear look.
His name is Tony, a rich chinese man.
He steps forwards and goes near where Jane
is. He offers her a cigarette. So, it shows
that he clearly doesn’t think that Jane is an
underage girl. Jane kindly declines Tony’s offer
for a smoke. Tony tries to strike a conversation,
but he gets no response from Jane. Then, he
compliments Jane on her beauty, and this time Jane
replies. Tony tells Jane that if she doesn’t mind,
he can take her to Saigon in his car. Jane agrees
to it. She leaves from the ferry, in Tony’s car.
In the car, Jane notices Tony’s ring, and
she is definitely intrigued by his wealth.
Tony asks Jane about her age. Despite her
being 15 years old, Jane lies about her age,
and tells Tony that she is 17.
Tony replies that he is 32.
Jane tells him that she studies in a school
in Saigon, but lives in a separate hostel.
Tony tells her about his family. His mother died
10 years ago, and since her death, his father
became sad and hasn’t left the house. His father
takes care of the business all from his bed.
Tony says that he quite doesn’t understand how
his father could love his mother that much.
On their way, Tony tries to get close to
her. He gently caresses her finger with his,
and Jane doesn’t stop him. Slowly, they hold
each other’s hand. They finally reach Saigon,
and Tony’s driver lets her off. Jane
says Goodbye and then enters her hostel.
At the hostel, she tells her friend
about Tony driving her off to Saigon,
but she doesn’t reveal everything that happened
between them. Next day, on her way to school,
Jane notices Tony’s car, and realizes that Tony
was there to see her. She goes near to the car,
and kisses Tony through the window.
Jane then quickly enters the school.
After her school, Jane starts to look around for
Tony, but she doesn’t find him. Then, one day,
Tony is at her hostel. Jane gets ready and leaves
with him in his car. They both look at each other
but don’t say a word. Tony takes her to a house,
and tells her that this house was gifted to him by
his father. Tony tells her that this house was
used by rich chinese men for their mistresses.
Tony tells Jane that he wants to be
in a physical relationship with her,
but he is also afraid that he will fall in
love with her. Getting nervous, Tony says
that they should leave. But, Jane insists
that she doesn’t mind being his mistress.
Then, not knowing about Jane’s real age,
Tony starts to get intimate with her.
At night, Jane tells Tony about her wanting
to be a writer. She tells him that she wants
to write about her family. She also tells
him that since the death of her father,
her family has been struggling financially.
Tony asks her if she came with him because
of his money. Jane answers that she
came with him, because she likes him.
Tony takes Jane to dinner
in an expensive restaurant.
Jane seems extremely happy to be there.
Tony grabs his wallet to pay the bill.
He puts down a few bills of money,
which Jane can’t help but glance at. Looking at
Jane’s expression, Tony also cracks a smile.
During the dinner, Jane says, that her mother
believes that once a girl loses her virginity,
it’s impossible for her to find a husband. Tony
also replies that his father wouldn't allow him
to marry anyone except of chinese women.
Hearing this, Jane jokes that it is good,
since she doesn’t like chinese men. But, that
night, Jane thinks of Tony’s words, and cries.
After that day, Jane was always picked up by
Tony’s driver during her holiday, and she would
go to meet Tony at his bachelor house. And their
intimacy was growing stronger with every visit.
One night, Tony tells Jane that his father
wants him to marry the daughter of a rich
chinese businessman. Jane asks him if
he knows that woman. Tony replies that
he doesn’t know her at all. Jane acts
like this doesn’t concern her at all.
Jane and Tony, both know that they can’t be
together for ever. So, they try not to take
these things seriously. They’re just focused on
the physical relationship they have going on.
One day, Jane returns to her house on
vacation. But she came there in Tony’s car.
So, her mother interrogates her
about who dropped her to their house.
Jane replies that it was a rich friend
that they don’t know. But Jane’s mother
shows her a letter from her hostel, which says
that she often spent nights outside the hostel.
Jane doesn’t say anything, and
Pierre starts calling her names,
and encourages his mother to hit her. But,
her mother doesn’t know what to do and leaves.
At the end of her vacation, Jane takes her family
to meet Tony. Tony acts respectfully towards them,
but they all seem disinterested in him. Tony
begins to tell them about himself, but they’re
all just focused on eating. Jane is aware of
all this, but she doesn't do or say anything,
because she doesn’t want her family to know about
her feelings for Tony. She wants her family to
think that Tony was just a rich friend,
and not someone she loved or slept with.
After the dinner, Tony opens
his wallet to pay the bill.
Jane’s mother is surprised by the amount of money
that Tony has. They leave the restaurant and go to
another place. Pierre starts a fight, but Tony
keeps his composure and sits down. Meanwhile,
Jane acts unfazed by the behavior
of their family towards Tony.
She even starts to dance with Paul, and Tony
watches it with almost a tear falling down
from his eyes. He realizes that Jane’s family
came to meet him only because of his money.
He thinks that Jane too was involved
with him, only because he was rich.
Later that night, Tony takes
Jane back to his bachelor house.
Jane is nervous because of the way Tony was
treated by her family. Tony comes close to
her and slaps her. He thinks that Jane slept with
him not because she liked him, but for his money.
Tony starts to take his clothes off, and
Jane just lies down without any emotion.
That night was different from all the
others they had previously spent together.
Jane, to act like she doesn’t like
him, asks Tony for some money.
Tony takes some money out of his wallet, and
throws it down. He seems frustrated by everything.
Jane takes that money and gives it to her mother.
Her mother then talks to the hostel warden,
and asks her to let Jane leave
the hostel anytime she wants.
Jane’s mother was doing it so Jane could go
meet Tony and take more money from him. She
thinks that Tony is just a rich friend of Jane.
She doesn’t know that Jane is sleeping with him.
But soon enough, everyone at the school finds
out about Jane and Tony. She becomes an outcast.
One night, Tony is leaving to meet his father
to talk about his marriage. Before leaving, he
gives Jane the ring that belonged to his mother.
Despite everything, he still had feelings for her.
Tony goes to his father, and tells him that he
doesn’t want to marry the girl that his father
had arranged. He says that he is in love with
Jane. But his father doesn’t allow this idea,
and tells him that he has to marry
the girl that he has arranged.
Tony goes to Jane and tells her about
everything. He says that he loves her,
but also cannot go against his father, because
he is nothing without his father’s money.
Tony is in a dilemma, he doesn’t know what to do.
But, Jane tells Tony that she doesn’t love him.
So, he should marry the girl that his father
wants. Hearing this from Jane, Tony becomes sad.
Jane takes Tony to their family property.
She tells Tony that when her father died,
her mother was lied to by land sellers, and was
sold flood lands. That was how they became poor.
Jane stays there thinking about the
pain her mother might have suffered.
And Tony shares her emotion, but
there is a distance between them.
The last night of their being together, Tony asks
Jane to tell him that she only slept with him,
because of his money. Jane repeats the
exact words that Tony wants her to say.
Tony wants her to say this to make
it easier for him to forget her.
Jane tries to get close to him.
But Tony stops her and says that
he is ashamed of himself for not
being able to take Jane with him.
He also says that he no longer wants to
sleep with Jane, because she didn’t love him.
Next day, Jane goes to her house in Tony’s
car. Her mother and brother see the ring
that Tony had given her. They ask her why Tony
gave her such an expensive gift. Pierre says
that Jane was probably sleeping with Tony, and
that’s why he gave that expensive ring to her.
To avert their suspicion, Jane throws the
ring and says that she doesn’t care about it.
But Pierre doesn’t believe her at all.
He slaps her and starts hitting her.
Paul hears everything, but he is
helpless and can’t do anything.
After seeing Pieere get violent, his mother
sends him back to France, to join the war,
to keep her other two children safe. But she is
sad to see him go away, as she loved him the most.
Few months later, Jane goes
back to Tony’s bachelor house,
and finds him completely changed. He was
lifeless, and spent his days smoking.
Jane asks him when he was getting married.
Tony replies that it was just days later.
And when that day came, Jane went to see the
marriage of Tony and his wife. Tony sees Jane,
but he quickly averts his eyes. Jane gets
sad as she sees Tony and his wife leave.
Jane goes to her house. Her family is preparing
to leave Vietnam. Her mother reveals that Tony
had paid the debt that Pierre had made in Vietnam,
and he also paid for their trip back to France.
Before leaving for France, Jane goes back to
Tony’s bachelor house and sits there waiting for
him. She hopes that Tony will come to see her one
last time. She waits for hours, but Tony doesn’t
show up. So, she leaves the house without getting
to meet Tony, and be with him for the last time.
As Jane leaves Vietnam, she sees Tony’s car
sitting there, just like when they first met.
Tony isn’t visible, but she knows that he is
watching her, and she is watching him too.
As the ship started drifting away,
she no longer could see Tony’s car.
Years go by, and one day, Jane
receives a call from Tony.
It has been years since their life
was separated. But Tony tells her
that he still loves her, and will always
love her. And with this, the movie ends.
Thanks for watching. If you liked this video,
please leave a like, and subscribe to the
channel for more movie recaps. Also, comment
down below what you thought of this movie.